1. Do you think this current system provides adequate accountability around short-term
rentals in San Francisco? In your response, describe why you believe the system is
adequate or inadequate. If you believe the system is inadequate, discuss a possible
change in actions required to improve accountability in this system. 

Answer: I don't think the current system provides adequate accountability around short-term
rentals in SF. I think the fact that the policy number can be "pending", "exempt", or invalid 
results in risks for those looking for short-term rentals as they can be susceptible to fraudulent
listings on the site. A possible change is for Airbnb to verify these policy numbers before 
allowing the listing to be visible on the site. 

2. As discussed in the introduction, the legality of web scraping is still uncertain in the US.
Skim through the Legal Issues section of Web Scraping in the US on Wikipedia and this
article about the legal issues with the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, and describe at
least one factor you believe is important to consider when discussing the legality of web
scraping and why.

Answer: Some factors important to consider when discussing the legality of web scraping is 
whether the data is publicly available, how it's access affects the site owner's system, and 
whether it's beneficial for public interest. In the cases discussed in the Wikipedia page and 
article on the CFAA, it's important to consider whether the data being scraped is publicly 
available because if is was not, it would be adversely affecting the site owners' information 
property. By contrast, if the information is publicly available, it's becomes more challenging
to address the legality of the data scraped from the site. There would be more nuance and 
discussion surrounding the purpose behind the web scraping and the affects on the site owner's 
system.    

3. Scraping public data does not always lead to positive results for society. For example,
look to Facebook–Cambridge Analytica data scandal - Wikipedia or Clearview AI -
Wikipedia. Many argue that using someone’s personal data without their consent (even if
publicly provided) is unethical. Web scraping requires thoughtful intervention. Develop at
least two guidelines you think are important to consider when deciding whether to do
web scraping.

Answer: One guideline would be to consider / respect user privacy. Using someone's personal
data without their consent (even if publicly provided) can lead to harm or negative 
outcomes to that user, since that user likely didn't publicize such information to be collected
and analyzed in such a way. Storing and analyzing such data can lead to privacy violations and 
be even more severe with data breaches. Another guideline would be to be for those who web scrape
to provide their purpose for web scraping and provide transparency on what data they are collecting, 
what permissions they have, and what they are using the data for. These two guidelines 
are important to consider for web scraping, as it ensures that there is reasonable use 
and justification without breaching user privacy and trust. 